#Theory Question 1 :

Git is a distributed version control system used to track the version of files.

1. Version Control is a major importance of git, the ability to keep tabs on the codebase history and revert to certain timelines is of immense benefit.

2. Ability to manage changes during collaboration between developers on a project adds to the importance of git.

3. Git distributed attribute allow backup and redundancy.

4. Git enforces  good code practices  amongst  developers through code reviews.


# Theory Question 2 :

Step 1: Signup to github if not an existing user.

Step 2: Whilst logged in, on  homepage of github per the current version, at the top left side click on a green button "new".

Step 3: Setup repository configuration according to required and optional as well as the level of visibility of the repository(private or public) then on 
             buttom right of the page click on a green button "Create repository".

Step 4: End result of Step 3 brings up a page containing steps to enable the newbie push their project to github.

Step 5 : On their local device it will be appropriate especially if newbie is a windows user, to have git bash installed this allows ease
              of use of commands to push code to github.

Step: 6: Now in the terminal change directory to project dirctory on your local device 

Step 7: Git initialise the project with command "git init" 

Step 8: add your intended directories and files to the staging area with "git add <intended directories and files to push>".

Step 9: git commit your project with a brief but concise description in quotes to the purpose of this particular commit with command " git commit -m " <brief and concise purpose of commit >"   "

Step 10: Newbie can decide to rename main branch to main which usually defaults to master with command "git branch -M main".

Step 11: On github your repository will generate an https link to your project repository append this link to the end of this command "git remote add origin https://github.com/<username>/<repositoy name>.git" 
                to add remote repository to local git repository.

Step 12: This final step will finally push your main branch to the remote repository stated in Step 11.



